.\" Manpage for disk.
.\" Contact bryan.zucchellik@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH disk 7 "06 Feb 2020" "ZaemonSH MacOS" "MacOS ZaemonSH customization"
.SH NAME
disk \- Wrapper diskutil script to do essantial disk task on darwin.
.SH SYNOPSIS
disk [ ls | list | listCore | info | fs | filesystems | ejectall | verifyvolume | verifydisk |             repairvolume | repairdisk | help ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
disk \- Wrapper diskutil script to do essantial disk task on darwin.
.SH OPTIONS

.IP "disk [ls|list]"
.B List disks.

.IP "disk listCore"
.B Show all CoreStorage partitions and disks.

.IP "disk [list] </dev/disk0>"
.B List a specific disk.

.IP "disk [fs|filesystems]"
.B List available filesystems for formatting.

.IP "disk [info] </dev/disk>"
.B Display information

.IP "disk [ejectall]"
.B Eject all mountable volumes

.IP "disk [verifyvolume] </Volume/MyVol>"
.B Verify volume

.IP "disk [verifydisk] </dev/disk0>"
.B Verify disk

.IP "disk [repairvolume] </Volume/MyVol>"
.B Repair volume

.IP "disk [repairdisk] </dev/disk0>"
.B Repair disk

.IP "disk [format] <MS-DOS> <MYNAME> </dev/disk2>"
.B Format the entire disk with a windows format (MS-DOS)

.IP "disk [format] <volume> <MS-DOS> <MYNAME> </Volumes/myvol>"
.B Format the volume with a windows format (MS-DOS)

.IP "disk [reformat] </Volumes/myvol>"
.B Reformat a volume

.IP "disk [rename] <CURRENTNAME> <NEWNAME>"
.B Rename a volume.

.IP "disk [createram]"
.B Create a ramdisk.

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Zucchelli Bryan (zucchelli.bryan@gmail.com)
