.\" Manpage for dtrac.
.\" Contact bryan.zucchellik@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH dtrac 7 "06 Feb 2020" "ZaemonSH MacOS" "MacOS ZaemonSH customization"
.SH NAME
dtrac \- Wrapper dtrace command.
.SH SYNOPSIS
dtrac [ ShowCPUProceesRunOn | ShowErrorInfo | ExecSnoop | ShowUseOfFileDescriptors | SnoopOpenFileByProcess |
FindDiskHotspot | IOSnoop | IOTop | IOBytes | IOWFileWaits | SnoopProcessRT | Load | SnoopNewProcess |
OpenSnoop | PathOpens | PIDs | ProcessPriority | ProcessPriorityByTrace | RWByPid | DispatcherOccupancy |
SeekSize | SetUIDCall | SignalDistriByProcess | SysCallsByPID | SyscallsByProcess | SyscallsBySyscall |
WebLatency | help ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
dtrac \- Wrapper dtrace command.
.SH OPTIONS

.IP "dtrac [ShowCPUProceesRunOn]"
.B Show which CPUs processes run on (five second walk used as example).

.IP "dtrac [ShowErrorInfo]"
.B Show syscall failures and error messages.

.IP "dtrac [ExecSnoop]"
.B Snoop on new processes.

.IP "dtrac [ShowUseOfFileDescriptors]"
.B Show use of file descriptors.

.IP "dtrac [SnoopOpenFileByProcess]"
.B Snoop file opens by process name (needs Terminal).

.IP "dtrac [FindDiskHotspot]"
.B Find disk hotspots.

.IP "dtrac [IOSnoop]"
.B Show I/O events in realtime.

.IP "dtrac [IOTop]"
.B Show top I/O events (needs Terminal).

.IP "dtrac [IOBytes]"
.B Show I/O bytes (needs Terminal).

.IP "dtrac [IOWFileWaits]"
.B Show I/O wait times (needs Terminal).

.IP "dtrac [SnoopProcessRT]"
.B Snoop process signals in realtime (needs Terminal).

.IP "dtrac [Load]"
.B Show load averages.

.IP "dtrac [SnoopNewProcess]"
.B Snoop new processes.

.IP "dtrac "OpenSnoop""
.B Snoop file opens in realtime.

.IP "dtrac [PathOpens]"
.B Show count of full path opens.

.IP "dtrac [PIDs]"
.B Show new PIDs per second.

.IP "dtrac [ProcessPriority]"
.B Show process priority distribution (needs Terminal).

.IP "dtrac [ProcessPriorityByTrace]"
.B Show priority distribution by scheduling class (needs Terminal).

.IP "dtrac [RWByPid]"
.B Show read/write calls by PID (needs Terminal).

.IP "dtrac [DispatcherOccupancy]"
.B Show dispatcher run queue occupancy.

.IP "dtrac [SeekSize]"
.B Show disk event seek report (needs Terminal).

.IP "dtrac [SetUIDCall]"
.B Snoop set UID calls in realtime.

.IP "dtrac [SignalDistriByProcess]"
.B Show signal distribution by process (needs Terminal).

.IP "dtrac [SysCallsByPID]"
.B Show syscalls by PID (needs Terminal).

.IP "dtrac [SyscallsByProcess]"
.B Show syscalls by process (name) (needs Terminal).

.IP "dtrac [SyscallsBySyscall]"
.B Show syscalls by syscall (needs Terminal).

.IP "dtrac [WebLatency]"
.B Show website latency stats (needs Terminal).

.IP dtrac [help]
.B Obtain script help.

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Zucchelli Bryan (zucchelli.bryan@gmail.com)
