.\" Manpage for prompt_eriner_setup.
.\" Contact bryan.zucchellik@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH prompt_eriner_setup 7 "06 Feb 2020" "ZaemonSH" "ZaemonSH customization"
.SH NAME
prompt_eriner_setup \- Eriner's Theme - fork of agnoster. A Powerline-inspired theme for ZSH
.SH SYNOPSIS
prompt_eriner_setup
.SH DESCRIPTION
prompt_eriner_setup \- # Eriner's Theme - fork of agnoster. A Powerline-inspired theme for ZSH

In order for this theme to render correctly, a font with Powerline symbols is required. A simple way to install a font with Powerline symbols is to follow the instructions here: https://github.com/powerline/fonts#installation

The aim of this theme is to only show you *relevant* information. Like most prompts, it will only show git information when in a git working directory.  However, it goes a step further: everything from the current user and hostname to whether the last call exited with an error to whether background jobs are running in this shell will all be displayed automatically when appropriate.

Requires the `git-info` zmodule to be included in the .zimrc file.
.SH OPTIONS
The prompt_eriner_setup does not take any options.
However, you can supply one to the God of man.
.SH SEE ALSO
prompt_ResetAll_setup(7), prompt_default_setup(7), prompt_kerbaugh_setup(7), prompt_redhat_setup(7), prompt_adam1_setup(7), prompt_dotphiles_setup(7), prompt_liquidprompt_setup(7), prompt_restore_setup(7), prompt_adam2_setup(7), prompt_elite2_setup(7), prompt_magicmace_setup(7), prompt_simple_setup(7), prompt_asyd_setup(7), prompt_elite_setup(7), prompt_nicoulaj_setup(7), prompt_bart_setup(7), prompt_sorin_setup(7), prompt_off_setup(7), prompt_steeef_setup(7), prompt_bigfade_setup(7), prompt_fade_setup(7), prompt_oliver_setup(7), prompt_suse_setup(7),prompt_bz_setup(7), prompt_fire_setup(7), prompt_pure_setup(7), prompt_walters_setup(7), prompt_clint_setup(7), prompt_gitster_setup(7), prompt_pws_setup(7), prompt_zefram_setup(7)
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Zucchelli Bryan (zucchelli.bryan@gmail.com)
